Science just describes the phenomena of the natural universe.
Science has to do with collecting evidence.
Those scientific theories that are corroborated by data have to be true.
Observation is an insufficient method to obtain knowledge. 
Scientific data mean nothing without their arbitrary interpretation. 
We have never seen an electron.
Even if we have not sen netrinos, we are sure they exist, because of the energy conservation principle. 
All generalizations in Science are grounded on extensively observed principles. 
I prefer measurements to concepts. 
Measurements reflect concepts. 
Scientific  findings do not speak for themselves, but there is a range of interpretation by scientists. 
Scientific Progres occurs due to radical theoretical reformulations, and not due to the improvement of observation instruments. 
Physics does not refer to unseen entities in its explanations. 
Scientific progress is ensured by the improvement of the observation instruments that are now available.
Physics is a theoretical science. 
Physics relies to thoeretical systems as much as phychology does. 
Human knowledge can be extended in a valid way with theories. 
There are no theoretical concepts in science, only measurable experimental quantities. 
The objective of Science is to produce useful theories for the understanding of the natural universe. 
The concept of gravity is a theroetical tool, rather than a part of the natural universe. 
Science configures tools for understanding the universe. 
Gravity is not only a tool for understanding the universe, it is something real. 
Science describes the universe as it is. 
Scientific entities exists in the natural universe. 
Since we can bombard with electrons, they exist. 
The concepts of physics exist in the real world.
Physics is not a tool, rather than an exact account of reality.
Ideologies are remainders of a pre-scientific era. 
Thanks to the scientific progress, modern society can be organized in a rational way.
Our era functions according to logic and science, and not metaphysics and superstition. 
Ideologies may exploit scientific findings, but the findings themselves are ideologically neutral. 
Science is ideologically neutral. 
Science is a social construction.
Science is independent of the historical era in which it takes place. 
The quest for truth has nothing to do with social struggles of each era.
Scientific research is not guided by social and political agendas. 
Scientific knowledge is certain across cultures.
Regardless of the country in which science takes place, the truth is the same. 
Science is independent from the institutions that serve it. 
Science is independent from the beliefs of non-scientists. 
There is no such thing as knowledge independent ofrom social constuctions. 
The human mind creates reality and the same is true for science. 
Science always deals with the economical and political agenda of its era. 
Science is a product of the institutions in which it is produced. 
Scientists are socialized in their culture and their research is also affected by it. 
Man cannot observe the natural universe without bias. 
A measurement replaces a concept. 
Psychology is in fact neurobiology, namely chemistry, namely physics. 
Neuroimaging will eventually replace questionnaires and interviews. 
The human mind is genetically predetermined. 
Future psychologist will read their patients genome. 
Psychology is physiology. 
Since the brain center of the self was found, psychology has to cease from existence. 
Since ants anihilate other tribes, supporters of social causes of agressiveness have to change their minds. 
Psycboanalysis has been refuted by current neuroscientific knowledge. 
Even if everything is determined by the environment, it is biology that allows for it. 
Psychology and sociology wont be necessary anymore when science advances enough. 
Biology is autonomous from physcics and chemistry.
Social phenomena can be studied independently of the natural sciences.
Each field of study requires the formulation of new terms and theories to be scientifically explained. 
Psychology is an independent field, than can not be explained by the natural sciences. 
Natural Science can not explain all phenomena.
Physics does not provide a better account of the natural universe than traditional beliefs. 
There is no such thing as an objective account of the natural universe.
Man can formulate valid, true judgements about the natural universe.
it is possible to obtain certain knowledge about the natural universe. 
By the means of Science we can know things for sure. 
Humanity is capable of understanding the universal laws that govern the universe. 
Science provides certain knowledge of the world around us. 
There is no such thing as an objective science. 
Scientists do not have a clue. 
Science is as false as any other human belief system. 
There is as much truth in Science as in Buddhism.
Science is valid knowledge of the natural world.
By the means of science we can have certain knowledge of the natural universe. 
Scientific theory is one that can be experimentally tested. 
A scientifi theory that is not refuted after many tests must be true. 
When data falsify a theory scientists abandon it. 
Scientists are reluctant to abandon established theories, despite evidence that defy them. 
Science consists in testing theories with experiments. 
Theories that can not be put in experimental tests are not scientific. 
Science refutes one after the other the false beliefs of people. 
The scientific community often ignores that their beliefs are refuted by evidence. 
Falsification of a theory very rarely ends up in its abandonment.
Falsification of a theory leads to its immediate abandonment by scientists.
Social Science is of equal value to Natural Science.
A theory for explaining the social universe is as scientific as a theory for explaining the natural one.
Natural Science defines the Method that Social Science should arrive to. 
A scientific field can be accurately studied without any quantitative measurement. 
Only when experts cease to be trained in fields other than natural science will human knowledgee be universally promoted. 
In order to answer humanity's questions, more natural scientists should be in training.
When concepts of social sciences are correctly defined and measured, they may acquire scientific status. 
The proper method of inquiry is defined by the field of study.
Psychoanalysis does not need research evidence because it can serve as ameans of research itself. 
The role of experiment in psychoanalysis is played by the session. 
Psychodrama reveals real psychological and sociological entities. 
Freud's contribution to human knowledge is of equal importance with that of Newton. 
Psychology and Sociology lie slightly above astrology regarding their scientific status.
The Social Sciences are lots of hot air. 
The social sciences have not a tad of scientific rigour.
The social sciences hold nonsensical beliefs. 
Psychology and Esoterism harm the literacy of the general population. 
Psychology and Sociology are a social problem. 
The social sciences may conduct experiments, but they are not good experiments. 
Sociologists write pages of hot air, without actually saying something.
Psychologists are crooks. 




